docs(validation): note fork-PR approval gate in codeowner guidance (#413)
camaraproject/tooling: documentation/validation/pull-requests.md

## Codeowner guidance

- Do not intentionally merge errors to `main` unless the repository has explicitly accepted the resulting release-process risk. The release process at `/create-snapshot` will block until the errors are gone. Warnings and hints are not blocking, but scan the workflow summary before merge and confirm the warnings make sense in context — many of them indicate something that will block a later release type.

> - Some pull requests need a maintainer to approve the workflow run before it can start at all. GitHub does this for pull requests it doesn't yet trust to run automatically — most commonly, someone's first pull request to the repository. Until a maintainer approves the run, it hasn't started, so the **CAMARA Validation** check is missing from the checks list entirely, not passing or failing. If a pull request has no CAMARA Validation check yet, open its **Conversation** tab and look near the merge box for a banner asking to approve the pending workflow run, rather than assuming there was nothing to check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some pull requests need a maintainer to approve the workflow run before it can start at all. GitHub does this for pull requests it doesn't yet trust to run automatically — most commonly, someone's first pull request to the repository. Until a maintainer approves the run, it will not start, so the **CAMARA Validation** check is missing from the checks list entirely, not passing or failing. If a pull request has no CAMARA Validation check yet, open its **Conversation** tab and look near the merge box for a banner asking to approve the pending workflow run, rather than assuming there was nothing to check.
```
